Computer Vision Basics| Coursera

    The course covers crucial elements that enable computer vision: digital signal processing, neuroscience and 
    artificial intelligence. Topics include color, light and image formation; early, mid- and high-level vision; 
    and mathematics essential for computer vision.

https://bit.ly/2Jj3k6B
Architecting with Google Compute Engine Specialization | Coursera

    Launch your career in Cloud Architecture. Design, develope, and manage cloud solutions to drive business objectives.

http://bit.ly/2PrdA0f
Fundamentals of Computer Network Security Specialization | Coursera

    Launch your career in Cyber Security. Master security principles and tools for securing your networks, systems, and data.

http://bit.ly/2I4xIk4
Introduction to Computer Vision with Watson and OpenCV | Coursera

    In this beginner-friendly course you will understand about computer vision, and will learn about its various applications across many industries.

http://bit.ly/2PqZQm7`



Student id: 170041006 Question:

CVP assumptions:

Selling price is constant
Costs are linear 

In multiproduct companies, the sales mix is constant

In manufacturing companies, inventories do not change. 
The number of units produced equals the number of units sold.


Inventory cost is what type of cost? 
AAA:Product cost. All costs directly associated with the product

What is a FLEXIBLE Budget? 
AAA:  a budget that adjusts with changes in volume or activity.

Does fixed and per unit cost always remain the same and if not what is the condition for it?
AAA: Same within a relevant range.


Student id: 170041008 Question:

What is the Planning Budget?
AAA:  prepared before the period begins and is valid for only the planned level

In CVP assumptions, is sales mix constant?- yes


What do we get after adding the opening stock with total cost of production? 
AAA: cost of goods available for sale

Is product cost added to income statement or balance sheet?
AAA: both
    sold -- income
    !sold -- balance sheet


Id: 170041018 Questions:

What is the name of the difference between the flexible budget and actual results?
AAA:Revenue and Spending Variance

Can you tell me the other names of “relevant” cost?
AAA: differential avoidable relevant incremental 

Which cost is also termed as “Inventoried” cost?
AAA: Product Cost

What do we assume  about whether inventories change or remain constant?
AAA: Change

ID : 170041027
    
What is prime cost?
AAA: combination of 
    Direct materials cost
    Direct labor cost
    Direct Expense


Is selling price in CVP analysis constant or variable?
AAA:YES

Example of Direct Expense.
AAA: Machine rent

170041010:

What is relevant cost?
AAA: Costs that differ between alternatives are called relevant costs.
Different terms of relevant cost?
AAA: differential avoidable relevant incremental 

170041023:
What are the costs that are irrelevant to decision making? 
AAA:sunk cost

Example of irrelevant future cost with scenario.
AAA: pizza khabi after watching movie. 
    ekhon movie-ta DVD diye dekhos or theatre-e giye dekhos doesn't matter. 
    pizza-ta khabiy. so that's irrelevant and future cost.

Which variance is used to compare flexible budget and actual results?
AAA: Revenue and Spending Variance



170041069:
1- what is flexible budget
2-formula of break even point
3-what is relevant cost
4 what is prime cost




ID : 170041067 & 170041072 
What is a flexible budget ?
What is the difference between a flexible budget and a planning budget?
What is prime cost ?
Activity variance $ Revenue and spending variance ?
Another name for inventory cost ?
Suppose that in your planning budget you have wages of $6200 and in your flexible budget you have wages of $6100 is your variance favorable or unfavorable? And why is it so?

ID: 66 
1.what is prime cost.
2.what is a flexible budget.
3.what is the difference between flexible budget and planning budget?
4.what is the relevant cost.

Id: 170041030
Questions:
1.Inventory cost is what type of cost?
-Product Cost
2.What is the name of the difference between the flexible budget and actual results?
-Revenue and Spending Variance  
3.Assumptions for management accounting
4.Which cost has no impact on production?
-Avoidable cost , Sunk cost
5.What is Break Even Point($)?
- Fixed cost/ CM ratio


ID : 170041065
Another name for inventory cost ?
Names used interchangeably for relevant cost?
Degree of operating leverage formula
Under which assumptions we say our inventory was constant in CVP analysis?
Don't remember the last one.


ID:170041045
Target Profit formula
Is inventory constant?
Relevant cost other terms.
When is a cost considered sunk cost?
Cost of  production + opening stock=?

Are your balls স্লিপ নম্বরঃ

170041020 - 
